JochJell Controller - Embedded Windows edition (x64)

Run JochJell-Controller-Native.exe. The full control desk opens inside its own window,
starting in simulation mode. No browser tab, Python installation, or Visual Studio
is needed. Layout editing, Settings, photo scans and train controls stay in the app.

Requirements: Windows 10/11 x64 with Microsoft Edge WebView2 Runtime and .NET Framework.
The app uses WebView2 internally to render the existing interface. This is not a
rewrite using native Windows widgets, and it does not launch Chrome or Edge.
WebView2 runtime: https://developer.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/webview2/

Use Settings > Connection > Connect to real Z21 using the address saved in Settings.
Connection actions are no longer in the top application menu. Physical operation
requires confirmation. Switching stops trains, requests power off and saves the
current layout before reopening it in the chosen mode. Verify decoder addresses
and feedback. Settings also offers a return to simulation.

Roco 10814 WLAN Package:
1. Unlock the z21start network interface with the activation code supplied with
   the package. This is a one-time hardware setup performed with Roco's official
   Maintenance Tool or Updater app, not in JochJell Controller.
2. Connect the z21start LAN socket to a yellow LAN socket on the supplied 10814
   router. Join the Z21 WLAN in Windows using the password printed on the router.
3. In Settings > Connection, select Use Roco 10814 WLAN, verify the Z21 address
   (normally 192.168.0.111) and UDP port (normally 21105), then save.
4. Select Connect via WLAN and confirm physical operation explicitly. Before
   starting the Z21 transport, the app verifies that Windows routes the saved
   address through an active wireless adapter.

Selecting WLAN does not unlock the z21start, configure the router, join Windows
to Wi-Fi, or connect to hardware by itself. WLAN and a wired connection use the
same Z21 UDP protocol. JochJell Controller never asks for or stores the WLAN password.
The route check cannot identify the Wi-Fi network by name, so confirm the selected
Windows network yourself.
Full setup and official references: docs/WLAN_10814.md
Close the window, or choose Controller > Stop and exit, to stop and power off.
Always keep a physical emergency stop available.

Data is shared with the browser-launcher desktop edition in:
%LOCALAPPDATA%\JochJell Controller\
Close the other desktop edition before starting this one. Your source-code server
on port 8080 uses separate data unless you explicitly transfer its database.

The embedded window uses a private local loopback server with a dynamically chosen
port; it is not a cloud service. No personal data is included in this download.
The executable is unsigned and has no automatic updater.

Build: python -m pip install -r requirements-native.txt
       ./scripts/build_native_windows.ps1

Release packaging:
- The standalone files are JochJell-Controller-Native.exe and
  JochJell-Controller-Native-Windows-x64.zip.
- Prefer GitHub Release assets for end-user downloads. GitHub Actions artifacts
  are temporary build outputs intended for verification.
- Pushing a version tag matching v* runs all tests and executable smoke checks
  before the workflow creates the matching GitHub Release assets.
- SHA256SUMS.txt records the SHA-256 checksums of the executable and ZIP. Releases
  are create-once; retry with a new version tag rather than replacing published
  assets.
